okay I'm gonna give you a little history
lesson of this gender 4960 um what Oh
anyways somebody was yelling anyway it's
a little history on 4960 obvious I've
got the hood off I think that's in the
beginning of the video um but anyway
this forty nine sixty one if this door
is gonna open I doubt it
this 4960 actually originated in
Illinois I believe but it took a trip to
Germany
Erman II you see most 49 60s don't have
this handle this is a brake handle
handbrake if you look underneath the
tractor here and get around to it it is
a it is a little different than the
American version of this very same
tractor let's see somewhere around here
in here there's a housing this is this
housing here at the front of the drive
shaft is that's the Ford before wheel
drive where the hell is that thing um no
it's on the other side there's a fork on
the other side Oh what is this burned
off metal I don't know what that's where
it could be for the old there's a lot of
things in here anyways the lighting
isn't so good but anyway this 4960 has
not a 4960 come on bring it over here it
is a 4960 according to the United States
of America model but if you look there
you could see on the serial number that
she says 14 RW 4 9 5 5 okay but this is
a 1994 model 4955 europe they did not
change to the
confuse them so they said John
I don't think you can
is that easy but for the most part this
tractor was almost identical to the
in 55 except for creature comforts
meaning inside the cab and this
wonderful exhaust system that made the
tractor extremely noisy inside the cab
because they went along the cab corner
and as fast and more was fastened there
at some point
ah yeah so this was a European model
4955 or 4960 as they would call them
here all the parts for the 4960 fit this
thing so it doesn't matter whether
there's a 4955 clout it would matter for
4955 cab because there's some things in
the cab that are a little different than
the 4960 so what I'm going to be doing
is actually getting a 4960 cab and
putting it on here and then you're not
even going to know the difference
whether it was a European model or not
there was a lot of things inside the cab
on the dashboard that looked different
than the 4955 of the US or even the 4960
of the US so it's actually going to look
normal
and it isn't really going to matter too
much because everything up here is 4960
the thing I am going to do is just just
start replacing everything that is bad
but right now first things first we're
going to pull this panel off of here at
the battery box pull the step off the
bottom if I can and just get in here so
I can get under that cab and pull those
mounts off then I got to see what kind
of wiring harness is that I'm going to
just cut
here's that cable there's the brake fork
right there there's a brake pack right
at the tip of my finger which the
American version of the 4960 doesn't
have so I'm not going to change it I'm
just going to disable it because I never
used it to be honest with as a matter of
fact it's got it somewhere someone had
put too many well they never took the
brake off and burned them out
so those brake packs aren't even in
there yeah they never work from the day
that I bought this thing back in 2003 so
it's ten years ago but I always I'm
gonna get started on that thing there
and we're going to get this project got
I hope you can see but we're going to
get this project underway for a most
part the cab is going to come off right
away and then
and we're going to start taking engine
components off and we'll see where it
lands us okay thanks